docs/modules/sftp_upload.md, before:

# SftpUpload
Upload a file via SFTP.

# Parameters
|Parameters|Explanation|Required|Default|Remarks|
|----------|-----------|--------|-------|-------|
|host|Host name or IP address of a sftp server.|Yes|None||
|user|User name for authentication|Yes|None||
|password|Password for authentication|No|None|Either password or key is required|
|key|Path to key for authentication|No|None||
|passphrase|Used for decrypting key|No|None||
|port|Port number of a sftp server|No|22||
|src_dir|Directory of source to upload|Yes|None||
|src_pattern|File pattern of source to upload. Regexp is available.|Yes|None||
|dest_dir|Destination directory to upload.|No|None|
|endfile_suffix|Places file with original file name + ".endfile_suffix" when upload completed.|No|None||
|timeout|Timeout period of sftp connection. Unit is second.|No|30||
|retry_count|retry count of sftp connection.|No|3||
|quit|True or False flag for quitting cliboa process when source files do not exist.|No|False||
|ignore_empty_file|If True, size zero files are not be uploaded|No|False||

# Examples
```
scenario:
- step: Upload a csv file to localhost
  class: SftpUpload
  arguments:
    host: localhost
    user: root
    password: password
    src_dir: /root
    src_pattern: *\.csv
    dest_dir: /tmp

- step: Upload a tsv file to 127.0.0.1
  class: SftpUpload
  arguments:
    host: 127.0.0.1
    user: root
    key: ~/.ssh/id_rsa
    src_dir: /root
    src_pattern: *\.tsv
    dest_dir: /usr/local
    timeout: 100
    retry_count: 10

- step: Embed contents of key at scenario.yml
  class: SftpUpload
  arguments:
    host: 127.0.0.1
    user: root
    key:
      content: |
        -----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
        .......
        -----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
    passphrase: 1234
    src_dir: /root
    src_pattern: *\.tsv
    dest_dir: /usr/local
    timeout: 100
    retry_count: 10
```

Commit message:

Create a mode that does not generate intermediate files in SftpUpload.

docs/modules/sftp_upload.md, after:

# SftpUpload
Upload a file via SFTP.

# Parameters
| Parameters         | Explanation                                                                    | Required | Default | Remarks                                                                 |
|--------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| host               | Host name or IP address of a sftp server.                                      | Yes      | None    |                                                                         |
| user               | User name for authentication                                                   | Yes      | None    |                                                                         |
| password           | Password for authentication                                                    | No       | None    | Either password or key is required                                      |
| key                | Path to key for authentication                                                 | No       | None    |                                                                         |
| passphrase         | Used for decrypting key                                                        | No       | None    |                                                                         |
| port               | Port number of a sftp server                                                   | No       | 22      |                                                                         |
| src_dir            | Directory of source to upload                                                  | Yes      | None    |                                                                         |
| src_pattern        | File pattern of source to upload. Regexp is available.                         | Yes      | None    |                                                                         |
| dest_dir           | Destination directory to upload.                                               | No       | None    |                                                                         |
| endfile_suffix     | Places file with original file name + ".endfile_suffix" when upload completed. | No       | None    |                                                                         |
| timeout            | Timeout period of sftp connection. Unit is second.                             | No       | 30      |                                                                         |
| retry_count        | retry count of sftp connection.                                                | No       | 3       |                                                                         |
| quit               | True or False flag for quitting cliboa process when source files do not exist. | No       | False   |                                                                         |
| ignore_empty_file  | If True, size zero files are not be uploaded                                   | No       | False   |                                                                         |
| put_intermediation | Specify prefix to be added to the intermediate file created when PUT file.     | No       | .       | If you do not want to create an intermediate file, define it as "None". |

# Examples
```
scenario:
- step: Upload a csv file to localhost
  class: SftpUpload
  arguments:
    host: localhost
    user: root
    password: password
    src_dir: /root
    src_pattern: *\.csv
    dest_dir: /tmp

- step: Upload a tsv file to 127.0.0.1
  class: SftpUpload
  arguments:
    host: 127.0.0.1
    user: root
    key: ~/.ssh/id_rsa
    src_dir: /root
    src_pattern: *\.tsv
    dest_dir: /usr/local
    timeout: 100
    retry_count: 10

- step: Embed contents of key at scenario.yml
  class: SftpUpload
  arguments:
    host: 127.0.0.1
    user: root
    key:
      content: |
        -----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
        .......
        -----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
    passphrase: 1234
    src_dir: /root
    src_pattern: *\.tsv
    dest_dir: /usr/local
    timeout: 100
    retry_count: 10
```
